MOTORBIKE ENGINE REVS
This programme contains some strong language.
some scenes which some viewers may find upsetting
and some scenes of a sexual nature.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
HE CHUCKLES
SHE GASPS
DOOR CRASHES
HE COUGHS
SEA BIRDS CALL
FOGHORN
Hjortur. take these with you.
TANNOY CHIMES
'Ladies and gentlemen. the ferry will be docking in 20 minutes.
'Please. get ready to go to your cars.
'Remember to have all your luggage with you.
'We hope you have a pleasant stay in Iceland.'
ENGINE STUTTERS
ENGINE STUTTERS. THEN STARTS
PHONE RINGS
FOGHORN
OK!
HE RETCHES
FOGHORN
MOBILE PHONE VIBRATES
PHONE RINGS
'All passengers. please go to your cars.
'and remember to have all your luggage with you.'
I'm here. See you in 10-20 minutes.
OK.
DISTANT CAR HORNS
LOUD CAR HORNS
There's a delay.
Find out what's going on here.
Stay still
Excuse us.
- Captain?
- Yes.
We need to talk.
Well. Captain. I'm afraid you'll have to stay as long as you have to stay.
I don't have the authority to make a decision like that.
Yeah. but I do.
Now. we need to search the vessel.
Why. what for?
Captain. it seems more than likely
that someone has been murdered and then dismembered aboard your ferry.
It's possible the arms and legs. or maybe even the head. are still here.
That's insane. Not on my ship.
Could you please give him your crew and passenger list?
OK.
In the meantime. could you check and see if any of your crew are missing?
- OK.
- Give him the list.
You can e-mail it to us.
but I'll also be around on the ship for a while.
- But you don't search the ship?
- No. I'll just be asking people.
Ah.
Ugh!
ENGINE STARTS
Ah!
No. we didn't take a car with us.
And. uh. what are you doing here in Iceland?
- I'm visiting friends.
- Visit friends.
LOUD CHATTER
I think they're not opening the fucking ship!
Is it police? Is it police?!
Find out what's going on here.
KIDS CHATTER
CHEERING
KNOCKING
CAR HORN
BOTH: Mama!
Hi.
- Hi.
- BOTH: Hi.
Andri!
ENGINE STUTTERS
ENGINE STARTS
- TANNOY:
- 'May I have your attention. please?
'Air Iceland regrets to announce that all flights
'have been cancelled today. due to weather.'
'Passengers. please contact the information desk.'
VIBRATING
Andri.
- Hey.
- Hey!
- What's going on?
LOUD CHATTER
Yes. I know. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
You have to give us a few more minutes.
- OK?
- We've been locked out for long now!
- I know you have.
- We're going to talk to the captain.
- We need to use the bathroom.
What the hell is going on?
These people are not my problem.
- Turn on the heating.
- I don't have the resources.
What I'm paid to do is bring people here and take them back to Denmark.
Turn on the heating and let them back in.
If I do that. I'll use all my fuel. And then I'll really be stuck here.
Mr Carlton. whatever your problem is.
whatever you're trying to hide. I will find out.
You do that.
But I'm not turning on the heating.
OK.
OK. give me 30 minutes.
30 minutes. OK.
Let them back in. turn on the heating.
give me 30 minutes. and then you can let them off.
- What's going on?
- OK. OK. please. please. OK.
Listen up. we are going to open the doors. but not yet.
- Not yet?
- No. Wait. MOBILE PHONE VIBRATES
30 minutes.
Please. you have to be patient. OK?
CAR HORNS AND LOUD ALARM
CAR HORNS
VIBRATING
Hey!
Hey. stop. stop!
CAR HORNS
OK.
Hey. hey! Stop!
HE SHOUTS
STOP!
Stop!
SCREAMING
OK.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm